I'm sorry, mr. Bing. There's no record of your reservation in the computer. Well, that's impossible. Can you check again? Please check again, please
I'm sorry. It's not here not there
Let me get this straight. I called yesterday
I try to cancel my reservation was told it's not refundable then we drove six hours all the way up here
And now you're telling me that we don't have a reservation. I don't know what to say that
Just give us the cheapest room you have
Unfortunately, the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite the rate is $600. That's insane
Totally insane dude. Let's drive home
We'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if they're closed and maybe we'll tap the tree and make some ourselves
Does that room have a closet I can lock him in
We'll take it great
They are totally ripping us off dude. Don't worry about it. I know how we can make your money back
This is a nice hotel, you know plenty of amenities. We just load up on those like those apples instead of taking one
um, I pick six
Great at $100 an Apple we're there
Well, you get the idea, you know, we'll make our money back in no time
Dude, you're shaking. I think it's the sugar. Could you hold the Apple?
Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206, um, I seem to have forgotten a couple of things good
Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room?
Thank you. Okay a
Toothbrush toothpaste razor mouthwash deodorant dental floss band-aids shaving cream aftershave
And I feel like I'm forgetting something um, is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already
Go ahead set up some tampons
What'd you get I
Also got two more apples one for short of a bushel I
Feel so alive I love being in the country
So I've got these great salt and pepper shakers from the restaurant. That's not cool
Dude none of this is cool
Chandler you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you
For example a hair dryer. No, no, no, but shampoos and conditioners are yes. Yes
Now the the salt shaker is off-limits but the salt I
Wish I'd thought this through
Think again. We mean Oh like the lamp is is the hotel's but the bulbs
Are you already got that not my first time in a hotel my friend?
Okay, how about this? No. No, you can't take the remote control. Yes, but the batteries
Thank you, thank you very much let's let's celebrate with some maple king no
At least tell me where you hid it
Here's your copy of the bill we hope you enjoyed your stay. Oh we did and you still have all your lamps
Factored in the room tax oh dude, don't worry about it. I found an unattended maids car, but way ahead of the game. Oh
My god what
There's there's something new in the bowl
Look, we have enough just walk away. No, but I wonder what the pine cones
There's a forest right outside. It's not the same. Okay, go quick
Thank you for a delightful stay
oh,my maple candies
Got you something from Vermont besides tampons and salt oh
My god maple candy that's a sweet of you
It's weird empty are you guys what's going on? Do you guys want to hang out or
Do you guys hear buzzy